what gas is Jonah and welcome to a very
highly anticipated video so today we've
got the in real life football video the
30,000 subscriber special which we hit I
think on Sunday which is absolutely
amazing thank you so much that it's just
it's just awesome I know everyone says
it but honestly I never for I'd ever get
liked 30,000 subscribers it's amazing
and I know everyone says it but I cannot
done it without you guys and yes I want
to say thank you for this sort I make
this video is really really fun to make
I really enjoy making it and doing it
and editing it and everything so hoping
you guys are going to enjoy it
sorry if it's not the best quality and
just a disclaimer I am not that good at
football okay and also know I'm a
sentiment or sent a defensive midfielder
and I can't sometimes they said about
you know whereas my two friends I did it
with our strikers so you know I'm not
gonna be able to compete necessary with
them in the shooting aspect which was
the mainly it and I'm not great at
football so yeah I hope you do enjoy it
leave a like if you want to see more
I'll probably do some more of these
videos because I did really enjoy doing
it and yes so thanks watching and I hope
you enjoy it goodbye
to the fire but it's no use
cuz you can't stop it from shining
through
it's in the sky gazing far into the
night I raise my hand
to the side but it's no use
cuz you can't
baby